Expose configuration to set maximum number of PKCS#11 sessions (#52768)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/deploy-a-cluster/hsm.mdx

      pin: "<CU_username>:<CU_password>"
      # pin_path can optionally be used to read the pin from a file
      # pin_path: /path/to/pin_file

>       # Optionally specify the maximum number of open sessions for the HSM.
>       # If not set, it will default to 1024. If set, must be greater than 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # max_sessions configures the maximum number of open sessions for the HSM.
      # If not set, it will default to the minimum of 1024 or the MaxRWSessionCount
      # reported by the PKCS#11 module for the token. If set, must be greater than 1.
```

      pin: "85cfpassword"
      # pin_path can optionally be used to read the pin from a file
      # pin_path: /path/to/pin_file

>       # Optionally specify the maximum number of open sessions for the HSM.
>       # If not set, it will default to 1024. If set, must be greater than 1.
>       max_sessions: 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # max_sessions configures the maximum number of open sessions for the HSM.
      # If not set, it will default to the minimum of 1024 or the MaxRWSessionCount
      # reported by the PKCS#11 module for the token. If set, must be greater than 1.
```

>       max_sessions: 10

Reviewer: no because people may be following the yubi docs to set up other HSMs we don't specifically document here, i think it's pretty likely actually
